getafe and bass met in the
day number 37 in a match matched
in which the two teams needed
score to continue first
especially the eibar that maybe
it was only enough for him to redo
to mathematically close your
permanence in first division
the first time the getafe had
center of pedro león that tops off
slime
I was still dominating the getafe in the minute
17 a distant shot of squire hits
in borja and in the end stops wounds without
greater complication
the next occasion was also for the
getafe lacen center and going to again
he also finished very close to the pole
the eibar was shaking slightly
initial domain of the getafe and he did
with a layer center that topped
fence also close to the goal
defended by guaita
in the 33rd minute of the match the
Getafe 's first goal corner kick
Pedro Leon
what hinestroza tops off
Even so, the joy of
the blues because after only two
minutes in a corner taken by javi
lara goes to the far post
raúl navas is in a rejection and what
Take advantage of Borja to score and draw the
match
in the 40th minute of that game it
produced an unfortunate fact for
manu of the moral that returned that returned to the
that had been his status for several
seasons in which he injures himself only in
a play in a fortuitous way can not
follow and leave injured in place
entered saúl berjón
we are already seeing images of the second
part where everything is the same or much more
there were fewer occasions but we could see
this occasion pretty good in a
shot of diego castro who is leaving
touching the stick
the eibar also had some option with
this play of much danger in which
center to steal in a shot and the ball is
ended up crashing at the base of the stick
right of the goal defended by
guaita
and in another corner as not removed by
Pedro Leon goes to the short or joins Juan
Rodriguez and the ball also
star on the equal stick also in
what refers to the clubs in this
match
one end tie leaving the getafe
first and that leaves the eibar the
possibility of fighting for permanence
on the last day in his stadium